# Watson AIOps

## Demo Setup

#### Watson AIOps 3.3.0 Demo Setup with iLender Application
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-330-guide-ilender
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/ibm-waiops-330-blog

#### Watson AIOps 3.2.0 Demo Setup with iLender Application
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-320-guide-ilender
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/ibm-ai-ops-320-blog

#### Watson AIOps 3.2.0 Demo Setup with BookInfo Application
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-320-guide-bookinfo
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-320-guide

#### Watson AIOps 3.1.0 Demo SEtup with BookInfo Demo Setup
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-310-guide
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/ibm-ai-ops-310-blog

#### BookInfo Execution Plan - Steps and Activities (Watson AI-Ops 2.1)
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-guide
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/ibm-ai-ops-blog

## Installations

#### IBM Cloud Pak for Watson AIOps 3.6.0 Installation
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/waiops360-install

#### Simple scripts to install Watson AIOps 3.5.0
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/waiops350-install-blog

#### IBM Cloud Pak for Watson AIOps 3.5.0 Installation
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/waiops350-install


#### IBM Cloud Pak for Watson AIOps 3.4.0 Installation
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-aiops-340-install

#### IBM Cloud Pak for Watson AIOps 3.3.0 Installation
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-330-install

#### IBM Cloud Pak for Watson AIOps 3.3.0 in VPC
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-aiops-330-vpc-vpn

#### IBM Cloud Pak for Watson AIOps 3.2.1 Setup on Techzone
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/waiops-320-setup-on-techzone

#### Watson AI-Ops 3.2.0
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/waiops320


## Integrations


#### Sending Events to Watson AIOps using Generic Webhook Probe
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/waiops350-generic-webhook-blog

#### Watson AIOps and DynaTrace Integration
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/waiops-dynatrace

#### Watson AIOps Demo Setup with Instana and iLender App
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-instana-ilender
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/ibm-ai-ops-310-instana-ilender-blog

#### ServiceNow in the Context of Watson AIOps
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-snow
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/ibm-ai-ops-snow-blog

#### Integrating Instana with Watson AIOps
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-instana
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/ibm-ai-ops-instana-blog

## Topology Manager

#### Topology Merge Rules
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/waiops-topology-merge-rules-blog

#### Topology Match Tokens
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/waiops-topology-match-tokens-blog


#### Creating IBM SevOne Topology in IBM Watson AIOps 3.5
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/waiops350-sevone-topology-blog


#### Watson AIOps 3.5 Temporal Group Training with SevOne Events
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/waiops350-sevone-temporalgroup-blog

#### Topology API
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-320-topology-api
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/watson-ai-ops-320-topology-api-blog

## Teraforms

#### IBM Cloud Pak for Watson AIOps Operator Catalog module
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/terraform-gitops-cp-catalogs-waiops-aimgr-draft

#### Terraform GitOps CPWAiOps Event Manager
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/terraform-gitops-cp-waiops-eventmgr-draft

#### Terraform GitOps CPWAiOps AI Manager
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/terraform-gitops-cp-waiops-aimgr-draft

#### Terraform GitOps CPWAiOps Intra Automation
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/terraform-gitops-cp-waiops-infra-automation-draft

#### IBM Cloud Pak for Watson AIOps Event Manager Operator Catalog module
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/terraform-gitops-cp-catalogs-waiops-eventmgr-draft

#### Terraform GitOps CPWAiOps
https://github.com/GandhiCloudLab/terraform-gitops-cp-waiops-draft
